Hi Church,

It’s time for the saints! It’s time for the household of God to arise and shine and be the people of faith that our nation needs. It’s time for the saints to grow and mature and become who God has called us to be. In the face of such adversity and such negativity bombarding us from every direction, this is the moment that God has been preparing us for.

During the 21 days of prayer and fasting at the start of the year, God showed us a picture of how our lives are to be like galleon ships - multi-decked, battle-ready vessels which, along with many others, form a formidable armada in our nation. The mast on each ship represents the Word of God; the eternal truth of His Word needs to be rooted into the hull of our lives so that nothing can move it. The rigging around each mast is made up of the day to day decisions that we make in response to His Word and how tight this rigging is determines how effective the sails are. God doesn’t want us to be flapping around in the wind of this moment. He wants our rigging to be tight so that every sail - every area of our lives - is fully open and ready to go wherever He calls us.

It’s time to live ready, just like Jesus did. Ready to do and to pray whatever the Father shows us and to go wherever He sends us. If you weren’t able to be with us on Sunday you can watch the latest video message in our Simply Jesus series called "Living Ready" by clicking on the link near the bottom of this email to hear more about how Jesus lived a ready and responsive life in relationship with His Father.

I believe God is also using this time to bring us back to what really matters, to declutter our lives and to get us to focus on Him in a completely new way. He’s asking us individually and as a Church to reconsider what we should be spending our time, our energy and our finances on so that we’re ready and equipped for what comes next. It’s time for a new normal. We can’t just go back to how everything used to be, however attractive or however familiar that may be. 

If you haven’t done so already, take some time this week to ask the Lord what His new normal looks like for you and your household. Ask Him and thank Him for this moment that we’re in now and the way that He is using it to prepare you for what comes next. The fruit of what God works in us in this moment that we’re in will be seen in the days and weeks and months ahead.

I want to encourage you to continue to get around your dinner table, to share what God is speaking to you about and to pray for each person in your household. On Good Friday this week we’ll be having a time of worship and communion together online at 6pm to reflect on what Jesus did for each one of us on the cross and to thank Him for the victory that He won. So be prepared for this, make sure you have some bread and some juice at hand and expect God to move in you, and those watching with you, in a powerful way.

Last Wednesday we had our first online prayer meeting where the different congregation leaders from across the region along with Jane and myself got together to lead through a powerful time of declaration and intercession for our nation. Thank you to all that joined with us. We’ll be meeting again tonight at 7pm so make every effort to be part of this as we stand in the gap and see God’s Kingdom purposes released.

We’re busy planning and preparing for our Easter Sunday Celebration at the moment which we encourage all of you to invite friends and family members to join in with online as well. We’ll be having a time of worship and some family fun together before hearing a short message about our Risen Saviour - Jesus Christ!

The world is looking for hope. People are searching for something stable and secure to build their lives upon. This Easter is an amazing opportunity to reach out and share the hope that we have as the people of God with those who don’t know Him yet. Jesus said “You are the light of the world - like a city on a hilltop that cannot be hidden.” (Matthew 5:14) Let’s continue to stand and to shine the light of Christ out of our lives and to be a beacon of hope and truth to those around us. And let’s continue to keep exalting the name of Jesus over this virus, over the bad report, over our families, our loved ones and our community.

With love
Clive & Jane Urquhart

Clive & Jane Urquhart
Senior Pastors, Kingdom Faith Church
